Upgraded the webgui's thrift version, and made some changes to the re… (#367)
Ericsson/CodeCompass: doc/deps.md

- **`libboost-all-dev`**: Boost can be used during the development.
- **`llvm-7-dev`**, **`libclang-7-dev`**: C++ parser uses LLVM/Clang for
  parsing the source code.

> -**`clang-7`** this is only necessary during the install if you have another

Reviewer: `llvm-7` and `clang-7` dependencies was removed recently, by @bruntib  if I remember correctly.
So do we still need them?

6, which is not sufficient for CodeCompass, as at least version 7.0 is
required.  Therefore LLVM and Clang should be installed from the official LLVM
repositories:
```bash
sudo deb http://apt.llvm.org/xenial/ llvm-toolchain-xenial-7 main
sudo deb-src http://apt.llvm.org/xenial/ llvm-toolchain-xenial-7 main
```

> The default-jdk repository ponts to teh openjdk-11 version of java, whih

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default-jdk repository points to the openjdk-11 version of java, which
```

is not sufficent for Thrift, therefore its uninstall is required:
```bash
sudo apt remove default-jdk default-jdk-headless default-jre \
  default-jre-headless openjdk-11-jdk  openjdk-11-jdk-headless \
  openjdk-11-jre openjdk-11-jre-headless
```
Installation command for all the required packages of CodeCompass:
```bash
sudo apt-get install git cmake make g++ libboost-all-dev \
  llvm-7-dev libclang-7-dev odb libodb-dev \
  openjdk-8-jdk openjdk-8-dbg openjdk-8-jre \
  openjdk-8-jdk-headless openjdk-8-dbg libssl-dev \
  libgraphviz-dev libmagic-dev libgit2-dev ctags \
  libgtest-dev npm nodejs-legacy
```

#### Ubuntu 18.04 LTS

> The default-jdk repository ponts to teh openjdk-11 version of java, whih

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default-jdk repository points to the openjdk-11 version of java, which
```

> is not sufficent for Thrift, therefore its uninstall is required:

Reviewer: This part of the PR should be removed completely for multiple reasons:
- Downgrading to JDK8 and requiring to uninstall JDK11 on a modern OS like Ubuntu 18.08 is a bad idea, which would make using CodeCompass in a production environment difficult.
- Despite the configuration error message `Could not determine java version from '11.0.4'.`, Thrift compiles and works properly, as it was pointed out by @bruntib in #349. It was also noted that maybe @zomen2 has a proper solution for it?
